

1) What drives you to create your personal website?

What drives me to create my personal website is the opportunity to share my art and ideas with others. I love being inspired by other people's creative inventions, whatever that may be. Art is a means for me to collaborate,
connect, learn and laugh with my fellow humans. 

Can you tell me about your background and how it has influenced your interests and passions?

I grew up with a father who was an architect was into alternative building design. We weren't financially wealthy but our family believed in self sufficiency, so we built a stackwall masonry guesthouse called the Stump, err umm excuse me a
'utility shed'. This later became locally known more eloquently as the Wizard's House. We also built a stackwall garden shed, utilizing a different form of structure but still using the same building method. For the Stump, we built that
thing for 12,000 dollars back in 2005, and the size of the place was 800 square feet. That's 15$ a square foot. 
Now I don't know the standard cost of building is at the time of your reading this, but I imagine it's slightly higher than that. 
This was for a combination of reasons, those being family and community effort, creativity and recycling of building materials, and mindful space making. My sister and I made great laborers, and I was Project Lead of debarking, and 
'pointing' ( That's where you finish the mortar on newly constructed section of wall). We started construction in 2003 on an old circular slab on grade used for a granary pad. I was 7 years old. So I can say I've been building for over 
20 years now. More on that later.
The Stump was an octagonal timber frame building infilled with stackwall; which is composed mainly of wood in various forms, including sawdust, debarked sections of split firewood at a certain length (your wall width), lime,
and portland cement. The beautiful thing is a lot of these fundamental non-proprietary materials could be obtained through means other than having to purchase them at a store. We therefore obtained these materials through unconventional
means,this included generous donations from like-minded similarly creative neighbours, 


What are some of the key experiences or moments in your life that have shaped who you are today?

What do you enjoy doing in your free time? Any hobbies or activities that you're particularly passionate about?

What are your professional or academic interests? How do you see them evolving in the future?

Do you have any values or beliefs that are central to your identity? How do they impact your life and decisions?

Have you had any significant challenges or obstacles that you've overcome? How have they shaped your perspective?

Are there any role models or influential figures in your life who have inspired you? If so, how have they influenced your goals and aspirations?

What are you hoping to achieve with your personal website? Is there a specific message or theme you want to convey to your visitors?

How would you describe your personality? What are your strengths and weaknesses?

Can you share a memorable achievement or project that you're proud of?

What do you hope people will take away from visiting your website? How do you want to leave an impression on them?